Jessica Freeman: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's it going for you.
Jessica Freeman: Um, I think everyone is dealing with this differently.
Jessica Freeman: Um, I don't know, I guess I'm Comfortably Numb about it. Like I'm choosing not to engage in fear and panic and all that, but
Jessica Freeman: I don't know, this is just the beginning. And I'm curious to see how it plays out.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, how are you doing with everything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I work from home so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it's pretty
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's the outside world that doesn't really affect my world right at this particular moment so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In that way.
Jessica Freeman: Well, that's good.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Well, being at home with with my little boy, you know, all day every day. Just who knows how indefinitely.
Jessica Freeman: It's a
Jessica Freeman: You know, he's been really good this morning. I'm just enjoying that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good, good, good. Oh, and you're supposed to start a new job this week.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I'm actually working remotely like I went in yesterday and I picked up.
Jessica Freeman: Their like the computer and all their equipment that they wanted me to have with all the software on it and we're just basically email, phone calls, stuff like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow. And how do you like it so far.
Jessica Freeman: I mean, it's pretty cool. Then I'm still earning money.
Jessica Freeman: You know,
Jessica Freeman: And I got a letter yesterday and yesterday's mail that from the income support division here in New Mexico and they said that I'm approved.
Jessica Freeman: For full Medicaid starting on April 1 and then limited Medicaid for February in March.
Jessica Freeman: So when I'm done with this. Today I'm going to call them because it said that you can get
Jessica Freeman: Additional coverage in that limited time frame for if you have like chronic substance abuse or whatever.
Jessica Freeman: So I'm going to call them and be like, hey, like my only medical expenses have been for, you know, addiction therapy and blah, blah, blah. So, you know, will you cover that and then see how to go about getting reimbursed for everything that I paid out of pocket.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, which will be cool.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, my mom. She's like waiting with bated breath when am I gonna get my
Jessica Freeman: She'd know she's been great. Everything's everything's fine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How does it feel not having to go to work every day and just be home.
Jessica Freeman: I'm just, I'm trying not to.
Jessica Freeman: To think too much about it. I'm trying to
Jessica Freeman: Keep little man.
Jessica Freeman: Engaged with stuff and and
Jessica Freeman: You know he's physical
Jessica Freeman: Activity as well. So, you know, yesterday was gorgeous and the day before was gorgeous. So to go outside and
Jessica Freeman: You know, I mean it's not great. It's not ideal. I don't think it's ideal for anyone. I don't like the fact that I had to go to the store and buy all this shit and like
Jessica Freeman: You know, fight the lines and everybody freaking out, like, it's not the virus that scares me its people and what they might do.
Jessica Freeman: Because people get crazy. And this is going to be a huge tech test of character for our country. I don't have high hopes.
Jessica Freeman: Ever country.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You definitely saw that in the beginning of the of the whole
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Panic, you know,
Jessica Freeman: I haven't run the mad toilet
Jessica Freeman: My mom sent me a picture of like
Jessica Freeman: Gollum from The Lord of the Rings and instead of holding a ring. He's got toilet paper insanity.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hey,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That definitely is correct.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Jessica Freeman: Are nuts. I'm actually, um, I think, you know, because I'm alone here with my son and
Jessica Freeman: I think I might borrow one of my step dad's guns like be really careful with it because I am not a gun person. I do not want a gun in the house. I'm not a fan of the whole idea.
Jessica Freeman: At all. But, you know, being super, super careful, making sure you know little hands can't get into it. Um, but just, just in case if I would rather have it and not have to use it, then, you know, something happened and then wish that I had it, you know.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: My house threatens my family and tries to take what's mine. You know, people are nuts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, they really are. Very much so. And keeping yourself safe is going to be, you know, really important you know through this, especially since it is you and your son, you know, by yourself. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: And, you know, my mom and Bob. They have our backs. My mom's going to brave the store today and get me like a gallon of milk and some children's Tylenol, just to have on hand.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, we're make sure I'm prepared because they're saying, I mean pretty much everybody's going to get touched by this at some point. So,
Jessica Freeman: You know I young I'm healthy and children are doing really well with it. So I'm not afraid of, like, oh, the virus is going to kill me or I'm it's more like you know people
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, is it been like a crazy in your area.
Jessica Freeman: I mean, not as crazy as some other areas. But yeah, I mean, I went to the store on Friday. And you know the shelves are empty.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Just and I you know I try not to inundate myself with the news and but I do want to keep up on it. So, you know, I look at the CDC website. I look at the, you know, state of New Mexico, Department of Health website just kind of keep up to speed. I've been trying to listen to
Jessica Freeman: You know, the federal government's announcements about protocol and what their plans are some of the press conferences that they are having
Jessica Freeman: And you know I feel okay about it. I'm not, I'm not living in fear here. Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I had to tell it, you know, everybody you know yesterday in Group talking about you know where you get your information from is really vitally important and not sitting
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In you know the TV or the internet on it all the time, but really just, you know, check it out, and then get away from it. And, you know, just kind of live your life and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, give yourself permission to keep updated on it but pay attention to where you're getting information from
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Absolutely like credible sources.
Jessica Freeman: And me.
Jessica Freeman: Not Fox News.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes.
Jessica Freeman: Also, I got myself.
Jessica Freeman: A coloring
Jessica Freeman: And working
Jessica Freeman: Course, I've been working on this used to help me in early recovery.
Jessica Freeman: I could barely sit still through meetings.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, nice.
Jessica Freeman: On that one and finished 1000 piece puzzle. And I have another really cool puzzle they dive into
Jessica Freeman: You know, and I'm also binge watching. I ain't gonna lie.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I did.
Jessica Freeman: Well, this season three of Ozark comes out on March 27 so I rewatch that whole thing and I, I always enjoyed like the political drama in house of cards and it's got like
Jessica Freeman: I don't even remember how many seasons, but I always liked it so doing that watched a couple movies. Did you know that the movie outbreak is in the top 10 on Netflix right now.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I watched it last week.
Jessica Freeman: No, they had it like limited to that tiny little town, and then we're going to blow up the town. Oh yeah, see my manager. It's gorgeous.
Jessica Freeman: It is beautiful.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very beautiful.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Purple is my favorite color lavender purple.
Jessica Freeman: For spring to it's like
Jessica Freeman: Easily party now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Over here you know the the ladies at this shop over here, they call it, you're dating nail. I think you're not going to be able to get a man if you don't have the you know that one nail. You know, it's funny.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is. So you started your new job and everything is going good there and you like it.
Jessica Freeman: Well, I mean, I'm working at home. What's not to like you.
Jessica Freeman: Know, I've got this really nice monitor and right now. My job is just to get up to speed on the software just learn how to use it and
Jessica Freeman: It's weird. I haven't met the people that are going to pay me, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and
Jessica Freeman: We're not going to like, usually we would have like a team meeting.
Jessica Freeman: Uh huh, not doing that and I recommended zoom because I have found a plethora of our online. A meetings or recovery meetings. And so I've been. I've been doing that, I'm probably doing two or three a day, which is actually like, this is cool. I get to do meetings and I
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, so it's kind of filling a need for me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is good.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, super good.
Jessica Freeman: And plus, like the people in Indy have put together a couple of meeting rooms, so I get to see my friends and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's been. Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is really cool. My
Sponsor
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Women
Jessica Freeman: Cool. And then, you know, most of the ones that are out there that aren't the ones that I found in Indy they're like open recovery. So, you know, anybody like Na ca ha a and it's kind of secular, you know,
Jessica Freeman: And that's what I'm finding in the group therapy here. I mean, you get that in group therapy.
Jessica Freeman: Anyway, you know, people have people aren't working, the steps are not following you know the program, you just get people that are really struggling to try to recover or just there because they have to be
Jessica Freeman: Know, which kind of sucks. That's why I like strong a better because that's that's the only thing that's ever worked for me. I tried a bunch of other things and a if you do what you're supposed to do, then it's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's really good. Yeah, I know people keep trying to find I call them shortcuts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And there is no shortcuts. You know, there's one way to do it. And if you're not willing to go you know that path, then you know definitely the struggle is real.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Jessica Freeman: The easier softer way right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, supposed to be.
Jessica Freeman: Actually this I mean the book. Ah, for me, is the easier softer way all the other stuff was a constant struggle all the other stuff didn't work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right when it doesn't, definitely not.
Jessica Freeman: But it's good that people have, you know, group therapy that they can go to and at least get a little more self aware
Jessica Freeman: You know, move closer to the solution be exposed to people that that have it you know that have the solution like me. I'm one of the lucky very blessed people you know a lot of us don't recover most of us most of us don't recover.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: It sucks, remind me to tell you all about Scientology boot camp. I went to for five months in 2012
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me about it.
Jessica Freeman: It was ridiculous. It was well they have this whole routine. So you go and then you're in like the withdrawal unit, but they don't
Jessica Freeman: Like if you're on prescriptions, you're not on prescriptions anymore when you get there, they take everything away, even though it's like a risk to some people's health.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, no, you're done, you don't get to take any medicines, not even ibuprofen. If you have a headache. You get sodium and potassium
Jessica Freeman: It's seriously and they they've had some deaths because of
Jessica Freeman: medical situations where they've taken people off their meds, they need their men's and then they have serious health problems.
Jessica Freeman: That's happened. There's been a few deaths. In fact, there's like a Dateline.
Jessica Freeman: A Dateline episode. That's all about the. It's called Narconon it's an Oklahoma and it's Scientology fucking boot camp rehab is what it is. So then if you survived. You survived the withdraw, then they put you in another physically demanding.
Jessica Freeman: Ruling situation where you take mass quantities of niacin, and you sit in a sauna for like five, six hours a day.
Jessica Freeman: And they're looking for you to like stop reacting to the niacin. So when they just keep upping your dose. And when you get to like 3000 milligrams of niacin, and you're not turning red then
Jessica Freeman: Your system is to text and you're done with sauna, then they put you in class 12 hours a day where you're learning
Jessica Freeman: To call PRS I can't remember what it stands for. But try and there's like 12 different things that you gotta learn how to do and some of them.
Jessica Freeman: Are like sitting in a chair sitting across from someone sitting in a chair, staring at each other for like two hours. Okay. Not sneezing not scratching not looking away not
Jessica Freeman: You know, no coughing, nothing. You have to sit there and stare for two hours. Okay. And then they have other things where they're trying to teach you how to handle and other person hands.
Jessica Freeman: On like where your try where you're like,
Jessica Freeman: Your body language and the way that you maneuver another person is, you know, during control.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, that's, I mean, that's the majority of it right there. And then once you do that, they give you a little coloring book with that with words about
Jessica Freeman: Oh, and another thing that they start at the very beginning is when you're reading. If you like mess up on a word. You have to go back to the very beginning and start over.
Jessica Freeman: But first you have to look up the word that you missed in the dictionary. And like look at six other words that are like synonyms.
Jessica Freeman: So they understand
Jessica Freeman: That word then you won't slip up on it, then you have to start back at the very beginning and read it and if you slip up at all. I'm a good reader. So I did find that there were people that were in that class.
Jessica Freeman: And it's indefinite there's no end to it. You have to jump through their hoops until they're satisfied. I was there for five months there have been people there for longer.
Jessica Freeman: Like there's one
Jessica Freeman: Jimmy has been there for two years. I mean, it's insane.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
So what did you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What did you learn out of it. Did you, did you learn anything and it did it help you in it with in your recovery.
Jessica Freeman: Well, the thing is, all they focus on these drugs they're trying to detox from drugs. I mean even the people that work there drink so yeah
Jessica Freeman: It's backwards.
Jessica Freeman: I mean, L. Ron Hubbard was a big drinker. I don't know if you noticed, but he, you know, L. Ron
Jessica Freeman: You know that every single Scientology facility anywhere worldwide has an office decorated like 1960s style like late 50s, early 60s, like just the way that oh, Ron Hubbard had his office. There's a room in every building that is L. Ron Hubbard's office.
Jessica Freeman: No creepy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Jessica Freeman: Seriously, what did I take from it. Um, well, I had to fucking finish it. And this was at a time before I learned any of the
Jessica Freeman: I mean I I got myself kicked out because I thought if I got home, I had a friend. Get me a bus ticket and
Jessica Freeman: I thought that if I got home and I showed my parents all this stuff you know about what it was really like that they wouldn't think we finished but you know I wasn't going to see my son Brendan again or be welcomed back by my family until I finished. So I went back and
Jessica Freeman: I learned how to
Jessica Freeman: I learned a lot from the people there because you know if you spend a lot of time with drug addicts or like people in prison, you pick up some skills that you can use. I learned a lot of that.
Jessica Freeman: And just like the the will to to finish. I mean, my, my parents let me quit everything when I was a kid, if I didn't like it. If I would rather stay home and watch TV. My parents let me quit.
Jessica Freeman: So I didn't have a lot of stick to it Ignis. So that was something I mean I just had to put my head down and get it done.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what was the requirements for graduating for completing
Jessica Freeman: Well, you had to get through all of you had to get through there was like eight courses and sauna was number two.
Jessica Freeman: So you got withdraw. You got sauna and then you got six other courses where you know you're doing
Jessica Freeman: The stuff that I described earlier.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cognitive thought changing or
Jessica Freeman: brainwashing for sure brainwashing
Jessica Freeman: And then they would let people stay and work there that had graduated from the program so like somebody that you were just sitting next to you in class. Okay.
Jessica Freeman: Who you know you were in withdraw with, you know, now they're barking orders at you and telling you to look shit up in the dictionary and I mean it was a cluster.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Jessica Freeman: really sick really sick stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's the only time that you went to treatment.
Jessica Freeman: And
Jessica Freeman: Residential to detox in 2016 and then I started my life weapon 2016 okay my mom took everything away from me, my boyfriend took my baby and left and I you know I lost
Jessica Freeman: My phone my home, my car. You know, I hadn't been working anyway because I was I was living in, you know, lifestyle, but I couldn't keep them at work. Are you kidding me.
Jessica Freeman: Anyway, um,
Jessica Freeman: So yeah, to try to get my life back. I went to fair banks and then when I was in Fairbanks, that's when I learned bit like everything can gone to shit so
Jessica Freeman: The next few months where I saw out treatment. I went to this place aspire of Indiana like outpatient stuff. And honestly, if you want somebody to relapse and die. Send them to aspire Indiana. It was really
Jessica Freeman: Destructive disruptive. They didn't work with you to help you get better. You know, if you fucked up. You were out just out and it didn't take much. You know, I mean I fucked up a lot when I first came in.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, then I finally I got diagnosed with borderline personality disorder. And so I looked into the treatment facilities in my area, which would be the best, and I found Midtown and Midtown was amazing. And they had not only like a whole camp, you know, campus for borderline
Jessica Freeman: But also they had, you know, dual diagnosis, treatment and they they worked with me. They let me come in, you know what, or not come in, you know, they just they made it so that it wasn't alienating
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It was
Jessica Freeman: I knew they were there to help me.
Jessica Freeman: And then I still was you know fucking around and unable to stop, even though I was trying really hard and I wanted desperately to stop, but I'm an alcoholic and drug addict. I
Jessica Freeman: couldn't stop on my own. So I'm trying, I'm trying to trying and failing miserably. So I get arrested.
Jessica Freeman: And then after that I had to go live in a recovery house so like everything that I own went in storage.
Jessica Freeman: I WENT TO LIVE IN THE RECOVERY HOUSE. I was there for like four and a half, five months and I worked a program of Alcoholics Anonymous with very strict
Jessica Freeman: Rules and accountability and requirements and curfews and chests and this that the other. And so I was there and I did pretty well. I finally got a hold of the program. I finally learned how I could stop like really stuff like this is how you do it.
When
Jessica Freeman: You want to eat.
Jessica Freeman: Name is coming soon. Um,
Jessica Freeman: But yeah, so then, but then I
Jessica Freeman: Didn't follow the suggestions to, you know, not date for the first year and then I'd had a little relationship with another guy in recovery and that blew up. And at that point I was out of the recovery house. I didn't have any rules. You know, I had my own place. And so
Jessica Freeman: You know that that began my year of relapse where I was sober more than I wasn't
Jessica Freeman: But still, I mean, I couldn't make it past. Sometimes it was, you know, three days. Sometimes, there was three weeks, sometimes it was like 33 days but
Jessica Freeman: Going in and out. And then at that point that it became a year since I had started with my stupid revolving door relapse. I was like, This is ridiculous. I know what I want to be doing. And I'm going to do it.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, that's
Jessica Freeman: My story HTTP.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, that's a good story. Definitely.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, thanks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's funny because you know we are talking last week about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know service work and getting out of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yourself and then all of this kind of got tightened up. And you know what kind of service work. Do you think that you can do when you are stuck at home.
You know what I mean.
Jessica Freeman: I don't know. I'm trying to be kind to people and I'm attending meetings, but just between you and me. I haven't shared in a meeting, yet I just like leave my video off and except with the indie people I turn my video on there, but I just haven't shared anything
Jessica Freeman: I don't know everybody's in survival mode right now.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I don't know. I did write a couple really positive reviews for some companies online. That's good.
Jessica Freeman: And I guess I could like call people. I was thinking about checking in on my former spawn see Pamela. I haven't talked to her while I'm not giving her a call even going through the phone list just calling people
Still, yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Listening.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: checking up on people.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Making Connections, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Helping people to feel less isolated. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a great idea.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so. And being present when you're in those meetings.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I've been listening but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You and there's that you you recognize that reservation.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because here's the thing. You have a lot to give you have a lot to offer people. But remember, you know what a says you can't keep it if you don't give it away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. And so if you're there and you're listening, but you're not contributing your part to that, you know, then you're hoarding
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What other people can benefit from
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Even if you just if you did it in a whim all women's meeting and just made yourself you know present and made yourself known and, you know, got your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know experience strength and hope out there. I'm telling you, you be or maybe you wouldn't be amazed. Maybe you know that you know you could definitely help you know somebody know that it's doable, you know. Yeah.
I mean,
Jessica Freeman: I just haven't been feeling like I'm in tip top spiritual shape and
Jessica Freeman: You know that makes me have that reservation.
Jessica Freeman: To see what do I really have to offer. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I need that is a self defeating self talk you know template that you have got to pull yourself out of because you have a lot to offer people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what your story. What you've experienced how you got to where you're at, you know what I mean you're a single mom, and you are. You just moved your whole life, you know, from one place to the other. You are strong you are independent and you are full blown in recovery.
I
Jessica Freeman: Know that a lot of people
Jessica Freeman: You know, could use that kind of link. Hope you know if it works for her because things got really bad, Rebecca, I lost both my kids I lost both of my children.
Jessica Freeman: And
Jessica Freeman: Honestly, I think that the only reason I'm alive.
Jessica Freeman: Because I got so
Jessica Freeman: I got so down. You know, like I just didn't even want to like keep breathing. I was so miserable.
Jessica Freeman: But yeah, you
Jessica Freeman: Know isn't their kids.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: is horrible.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: But on the other side.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, and you're on the other side of it. That's what I'm saying, you know, there are women out there that are in that beginning phase you know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: feel hopeless.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I, I wish that I could get connected with with exactly those people, you know,
Jessica Freeman: I don't know how to find people except to just, you know, cast a wide net, I guess.
Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And you could throw it in the, you know, in the forums and just say, Hey, you know, moms that you know you moms that are struggling with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, losing their children and trying to get their life back on track. You know, I have experience and, you know, hoping that you know what I mean just but really just kind of putting it out there, you could create your own
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, women's meeting for women like that you know that have gone through or in the beginning phases of that struggle, you know, to mean and there's the connection. You know what I mean, there's that piece.
Was
Jessica Freeman: Struggling
Jessica Freeman: You think you think it could do them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I believe you can do that. Definitely. You have a very
Jessica Freeman: I'm just
Jessica Freeman: Going to care and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay. I'll wait. I'll wait a second help your mama.
Jessica Freeman: We're just getting started. Okay, thanks for coming.
Jessica Freeman: I'll be fine.
Jessica Freeman: Up. Good boy, Gary.
Jessica Freeman: All right.
Jessica Freeman: Moving it along.
Jessica Freeman: So, so what would I do I put it out there like some of my mom's groups like
Jessica Freeman: I mean some moms groups and then I wish there was a way I could get recovery and autism moms in the same
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bed, too. There's a lot of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: moms that are struggling with, you know, with the same thing. And maybe they don't know that that's what's going on with their child. But, you know, definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There is a need
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know somebody else and that just found out that her son is on the autistic spectrum and she's in recovery and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Trying to learn how to walk through it and deal with it and all the testing and all the doctors appointments that come with it and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know the needs of it, and how do you comply with, you know, really giving your child everything that that they need so that the comfortable and they grow and they learn and they, you know what I mean. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Oh, believe me, I know I've been doing it for years. It's hard. It's, I mean, and they don't make anything. Easy. Nothing. I mean, you have to push and push and persist and call and you have to do the legwork. You got to do all of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's kind of amazing. And with with, you know, moms that don't know or you know don't have that information. You know where to go, how to reach out, you know, being persistent. It's like, you know, they
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At least the other person that I know there was a long time where she was just stuck.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I had no idea you know she felt like everything that she was doing was wrong.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then what she learned
Jessica Freeman: What she learned
Jessica Freeman: It can be really
Jessica Freeman: Overwhelming. When you look for resources because there's so much out there.
Jessica Freeman: And then you've got like the super moms who've been doing it for like 20 years and they know every day. I mean, it made me kind of shut down like okay you're speaking a different language.
Jessica Freeman: I don't even know I follow you. So I mean, for me, most of it. I've just I've just kind of like
Jessica Freeman: Followed, you know, gone down the rabbit hole with things that I wanted to learn more about and when there was something specific. I wanted to learn about
Jessica Freeman: And then I would, you know, reach out in my facebook groups. And also remember that, you know, for every one piece of good advice that you're that you can use, there's, you know, 100 shitty piece of advice that you don't
Jessica Freeman: You don't need to compare yourself to other moms and you should never compare your child to other children because every kid with ASD is 100% unique
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, their needs are different, how they respond to things are different.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The routine is different.
Jessica Freeman: How they learn you know what their little for lack of a better word, you know, fetishes are because they're all into different things, you know,
Jessica Freeman: All the different things. I know one boy with autism who is obsessed with plastic bottles so his mom's house is covered in plastic bottles. Now, my kid. Oh my god. I mean, he likes. He likes to chew on stuff. So we have a way to deal with the chewing. I mean, he wears a bed, and he has like
Jessica Freeman: They call not overlap muslin cloth that are like per class that I can like snap around his neck, you
Jessica Freeman: Know, he'll go to town on one. But you know his clothes are fine because it's covered with the bed. Yeah, to swap them out, you know, and he's fine with it and it doesn't make a mess. And he gets his chew on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This self soothing, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Every kid has a different thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's pretty amazing, you know, you have all this knowledge and all this experience and I 100%
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have faith in the fact that there are women out there that need to hear
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What you have to offer.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, tell me a little bit about your spiritual disconnect
Jessica Freeman: When it happened up a while back, like probably about a year, not quite. A year ago saying the end of last summer.
Jessica Freeman: And my sponsor got cancer and like she couldn't sponsor me anymore. And that sponsor relationship my recovery has never been better like she was awesome. We work together really well.
Jessica Freeman: You know, our schedules worked out, just everything just and she you know she worked me real hard, like I had to do a lot of stuff. And it was really good. I'm not great at like pushing myself.
Jessica Freeman: And I, I need somebody who is like not bossy per se because I get enough that from my mom, you know, but somebody who is at least
Jessica Freeman: A little strict. I mean, I do need some some structure. I need some structure I lack self discipline.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, which, you know, a lot of a lot of people really do, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you could base helping others off of what you got out of that relationship with your sponsor.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I didn't think about all
Jessica Freeman: I was a really good sponsor.
Jessica Freeman: When she was my sponsor.
Jessica Freeman: But I mean, I've had like two sponsors since then. Well actually this I'm on my third since then and I don't really like changing up sponsors like this, but it's been it's been necessary like I want to be the same person, but
Jessica Freeman: It's just been a necessary evil, and now I'm in a new place. So I obviously was going to need a new sponsor.
Jessica Freeman: I got one, it's just cool but she's busy, I'm busy. We don't talk like we, you know, talk very often.
Jessica Freeman: Gets the self discipline thing. It's like making myself do the things that I know needs to be done.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Just kind of fall down on that.
Jessica Freeman: It's been, it's been a while. I just
Jessica Freeman: And I was like, praying and reading and I've just kind of fallen off and at that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is what about listening to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So uplifting music
Jessica Freeman: I listen to music.
Jessica Freeman: I do
Jessica Freeman: Like pop music I'm a radio show.
Jessica Freeman: Hey that's uplifting every Friday. They do this thing called the weekend and blast off. I don't know if I mentioned this.
Jessica Freeman: Where they play. They take like you know 10 or 15 minutes and instead of playing like all the stuff that's on the radio, they'll do like throwbacks I still play some old school hip hop. They'll even sneak in, like, a country song in there. They did Dolly Parton last week.
Jessica Freeman: Or some old school, whatever, like, just some real upbeat like fun. We can use it and they just play like you know the hook or whatever and then they'll move to the next. It's like, is it always makes me dance.
Jessica Freeman: And then it's always fun. And I haven't on podcast, so I can listen to it anytime I want. So I be listening to the weekend last off quite a bit. Awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. Good. Anything that's going to bring up, lift, you know, uplift your spirits uplift your, you know, emotions, put you in that happy space.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, because even with everything that's going on out in the world. It's like when you really take a self. Look, it's like things internally and things inside your world are pretty awesome.
Jessica Freeman: I agree. They are they really are.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so being able to hold on to that and realize, you know that you have your I think this was the biggest eye opening thing for me was when I realized that I am not controlled
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: By anything that my life and my choices are mine and mine alone. And if I fall down. And if I make the wrong one, I get to get back up and make a different one.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, I don't have to beat myself down because I make wrong choices because I'm human, and I make mistakes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But the whole world is like really open. You can do whatever you want be whoever you want you know you're, you're in charge of that car.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's just for me, instead of being afraid of it for you know most of my life. I was afraid of it, and I get to that you got to get to this point where fear is no longer controlling it, and it's just, it's amazing, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's what you get to bring
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To other people. You get to bring that you know that freedom and you know that love and respect and all the things that you have to offer the information your hope.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yeah.
Jessica Freeman: People do need to hear it because that's how they that's how they get hope for themselves, that when they see that other people have done it and are doing it and that it's sustainable, it's
Jessica Freeman: I remember when I first came in, somebody said they had two years. I'm like, How in God's name. I mean, you must be lying. There's no way
Jessica Freeman: No, that's not
Possible.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Here you are. Look at you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. Now you're that person saying that you know what I mean. And that newcomers sitting back there saying, how is that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How is that possible. You know what I mean.
Jessica Freeman: Yes, I do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Even connecting with people in that way and just, you know, letting them know that you, you know, in the beginning, you felt the same way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you didn't feel like it was possible, and that you felt hopeless. And you know what I mean. You had no idea how it was going to happen. But you're going to give it your best and really talking about what you put into getting where you're at.
Jessica Freeman: A lot of it was a change in motives. You know, when I was just trying to get my life back. And I was just trying to get my consequences over and done with.
Jessica Freeman: I wasn't successful, but when I started examining those motives and started trying to do the right thing, just for the sake of the right thing.
Jessica Freeman: You know, things changed. And I really it doesn't even take that much effort if you just have your mind, in your heart right everything else just falls into place.
Jessica Freeman: You know, greedy. That's what I was telling my sponsors, like when they're first starting out, you don't have to worry about this. You don't have to worry about that.
Jessica Freeman: All you have to do is just keep doing the next right thing. That's it. That's all I have to worry about today. Okay. And then, you know, we'll talk we'll get there, you'll get there.
Jessica Freeman: But yeah, that's, I mean, that's what's bottom line.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bottom line, that's right.
Jessica Freeman: For some people, that bottom line includes, you know, just don't drink today.
Jessica Freeman: And that's what you gotta do. That's what you gotta do, but it gets so much better than that. It gets easier than that.
Jessica Freeman: That that next right thing is what's vital.
Jessica Freeman: When
There is your hope.
Jessica Freeman: I don't know if you know this might be a surprise to you. I'm actually a pretty good writer.
Jessica Freeman: And a few that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I didn't know that.
Jessica Freeman: I actually really enjoy writing
Jessica Freeman: Maybe I should spend some time doing that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why don't you have a blog. Why don't you have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Something that really talks about, you know, being a woman in recovery with, you know, a child with autism and, you know, you make a connection people's people start grabbing a hold and listening and, you know, learning
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: From that
Jessica Freeman: Connection. So I would be great.
Jessica Freeman: It would be helpful. I think for everyone, not just me.
Jessica Freeman: I think everyone needs some connection right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep. I think that's why it's it's kind of important that the next time you go into a meeting that you turn your video on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you'd be present.
Jessica Freeman: And maybe talk
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And maybe talk. That's right. Instead of just listening but really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, putting
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: putting yourself out there a little bit and saying this is who I am. And this is where I'm at. And this is what I've done. And this is you know how I got here and I think you're going to be pretty amazed on the people that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Needed to hear it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what, I'm not telling you anything you don't already know.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, but you know, it's, I need to hear it because I I have alcoholic thinking and my brain tells me, nobody wants to hear anything you have to say, you know,
Jessica Freeman: They're just going to think you're dumb or, you know, I mean, I remember when I first I didn't want to hear shit like nobody could tell me anything until they could, yeah. So maybe, yeah. If I put myself out there.
Jessica Freeman: It'll help somebody else.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely and you know you know that that negative thought process and that negative thinking that's your addiction. What is your one thing that your addiction. It has one job period.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that is to take you out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It wants to grab ahold of your back and take it, take it out and it can be subtle with those negative thoughts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why would you want to go. Why would you want to go into a meeting and turn on your video. And why would you want other people to hear what your story is, you don't have anything to offer them. It's so much crap.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because that's what it wants you to believe it wants you to be down on yourself. You know, it wants to. It wants you back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it will go to any means necessary to make that happen. You know what I mean. And so when you have those negative thoughts come in your head, you gotta battle them with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, that is crap. I know you're trying to reel me back in, you know, you gotta let go with me because I have came this far. And I'm not coming back to you.
Jessica Freeman: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just about really putting your diction. You know, I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is my perception of our addiction is that it's that you know we have voices in our head that talk to us. We have, we do battle, and that's one of the voices and when it's in control.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We are in a negative headspace we believe the lies that it tells us we believe were unworthy. You know, we believe everything that it tells us, because it wants to keep us locked in that dark hole.
Jessica Freeman: No, it's like my voice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, I, I got a name to it. I got a face to it. And when I'm struggling with it, I, I've got a big ol huge role duct tape.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I put it over its mouth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I tied up in the corner of my brain. I literally visualize doing that because that's what helps me feel that I'm in control and that I know that it's not gonna, I'm not going to allow it to take me out might be something else, you know, and that's fine. But in my mind.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It will not take me out.
Jessica Freeman: That's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, so you think about that, and you have the power to do that inside your brain, Jessica, you know it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You do. You're a very strong woman.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have that power. And that's the great part about it is that you have that power here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Jessica Freeman: You're making me blush.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's true, you know, you can distinguish
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: reality and truth from from the lies that it tells you you can, you know, and there's little, little cues like any negative any negative thought process that tells you you're not good enough. That tells you that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's something better for you that life wasn't so bad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, when it starts telling you those things, you know, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can identify it.
Jessica Freeman: As a drink. Sounds like a good idea, then I know I'm in a bad place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Exactly, exactly. And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if your thought process is you have nothing to offer other people in recovery and that you just need to sit back and listen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The opposite action needs to happen.
Jessica Freeman: I can, I can Chilean
Jessica Freeman: There are several online meetings and the indie one is happening at 430 my time every day. So, and that's a women's meeting.
Jessica Freeman: And honestly, it used to be my home group and
Jessica Freeman: I ended up having a lot of like self confidence issues because of that meeting. So maybe instead of going to that meeting, I should start a new meeting. So I got zoom, I can do it. I know how to moderate
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can do that. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I know how to get it out there. I can do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I know that there are a lot of women in New Mexico that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are desperately looking for a connection are desperately needing you know to be in a place of hope.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Jessica Freeman: Yeah and you know with this whole situation that's going on right now. I've been thinking, you know, if I were in active alcoholism or active addiction right now. With all this going on.
Jessica Freeman: Oh my god, I would be a mess like it would be really bad. I mean, I would be, you know, probably camped out at my dealers house and like
Jessica Freeman: spend all my money all my money on like, you know, drugs and alcohol all this because you know the panic. Oh my god, I'm going to run out and not gonna be able to get what I need drugs, alcohol.
Jessica Freeman: I mean, that would that would be how it is. And when I think about the people that are there right now.
Jessica Freeman: You know, maybe I could just kind of ponder that a little bit longer and think how I can what what I could do to help those people
Jessica Freeman: Because this, this can't be easy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well gosh know
Jessica Freeman: That it's miserable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about the people that are in early recovery and their
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Their group that they're so used to go into has been cancelled.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, that's
Jessica Freeman: A lot of money.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, so their connection to other people has, you know, in early recovery has just been stopped.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, there's a panic that goes there. There's a fear. What am I going to do now, how am I going to make it through this. What am I, you know, how am I going to stay sober.
Jessica Freeman: You know not to
Jessica Freeman: Is there. That's a struggle. I mean an early recovery.
Jessica Freeman: Every hour is a big deal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: And the people in the recovery houses that don't have like smartphones or internet and they're just like, stuck there.
Jessica Freeman: Up. Hmm. There's a lot of need out there. There's a lot of me.
Jessica Freeman: There's a lot of me. I need to like sit down and think about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just brought something up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Recovery houses.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, in the area that I live in. I know that there's a recovery house literally right around the corner and they hold regular meetings regular meetings there all the time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: After this whole thing is over with, that might be something you know for you to consider.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, cuz I've been there, man. Have I been there.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I think my story can help.
Jessica Freeman: Those people for sure.
Jessica Freeman: And maybe like
Jessica Freeman: I don't know, maybe I could call around and some of them to talk about the women's meaning that that that you know i'll do i'm i'm sitting. I'm sitting up a women's meeting and
Jessica Freeman: Maybe if there's no you know smart phones or internet or whatever. Maybe the people that run the House would be willing to, you know, do an open forum where people can participate in an online meeting. I don't know.
Jessica Freeman: Yes. Good idea is those people, they need. They need all the resources they can get. And since they're so diminished right now and what what we can do and it's just getting started, it's not getting better anytime soon.
Jessica Freeman: That might be a really good way to go because those people really need it. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so. And what you have to offer is huge.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what really really is your mindset where what you think about recovery, how you got to where you're at your story. Everything plays a factor in it you know that you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so instead of sitting in that self doubt that people don't want to hear you and that you don't have anything was saying, You've got to combat that thought and say bull crap.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I went through the bin. SO I'VE BEEN SOBER two years. And what did it take for me to get where on that.
Jessica Freeman: Some of it was mistakes.
Jessica Freeman: Some of that was failure.
Jessica Freeman: You know, I learned more from that year of relapse than I, you know, that I have probably in the past few months.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Making mistakes and failing and having to start over, doesn't mean that you're doing it wrong. It's just part of the process.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. And oftentimes, you know what happens. What I've seen happen. Anyways, is people that that relapse and they try to come back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Into the same meetings. The first couple times. It's like they're welcome and then it feels like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: From what I've witnessed it feels like all of a sudden, the people that were so accepting in the first, you know, two, and three times that they relapse, all of a sudden aren't so accepting anymore. It's more like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, they're back. I wonder how long this time, that whole judgmental stance comes back in
Jessica Freeman: You know, timers are better about that, you know, but there, but they're still like there's a lot of
Jessica Freeman: There's a lot
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's a lot of that judgmental stance.
Jessica Freeman: I mean, I've been there.
Jessica Freeman: I collected a lot of starting over tokens at the meetings, but for me I think a lot of the lack of acceptance was in my head.
Jessica Freeman: And then part of the process of really doing it for real meant
Jessica Freeman: I mean like it contributed to why I didn't want to keep doing that, like, I don't want to keep coming in here.
Jessica Freeman: Like that. So that means I really have to do it for real.
Jessica Freeman: That wasn't my biggest motivator.
Jessica Freeman: But certainly was a contributing factor.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, it's humiliating you know it's it's embarrassing and it either will Britt draw you closer or it will push you farther away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, where you get to that point where you say, I'm not, I'm not doing it not going back in there and taking another
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: toy for our coin. I'm not doing it. You know, I don't want those people to see. You know what I mean, those people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are the ones that in. I mean, this is in my own head, but they're the ones that need to be touched and treated with kindness and realize that they're in this whole process. And please don't give up.
Jessica Freeman: Those when I was in my year relapse. I had some people from, you know, in my recovery group that just hung right hung in there with me the whole time and they would accept me if I was sober or not. And that spoke to me very loudly.
Jessica Freeman: And that and it was even more cause to celebrate once things finally did come together, you know. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: But yeah, failure is part of the process. And there are some people like, oh, I've never relapsed good for you. That is part of most people's story most
Jessica Freeman: But, you know, it doesn't have to continue. It doesn't have to continue to be part of your story here to tell you that
Jessica Freeman: Because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or I worked with people in the past that said, do you know how many times you know I've
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Been to treatment and how many times that I've completed treatment and then went right back out used and you know in here. I'm sitting in that same place again and you know I turn around. And my response to them is what a gift.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What a gift that you're able and that you're here in front of me present, you know, because they're already feeling that that giving up. You know, why am I even try this again. And you know, that's the whole piece.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean that you get to give them
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you get to put out there in the universe. You know what I mean.
Jessica Freeman: You know, the only difference between what's happened in what can happen is your choices.
Jessica Freeman: You know, if it's something that you really want to do then you got to take a look at how far you willing to go right
Jessica Freeman: I don't want to go back to that shit ever again. So that means that I have accepted a higher power that exists and
Jessica Freeman: You know, I do the stuff that I'm supposed to do. Not all of it. Not all the time, but I try. I'm human. We don't have to be perfect.
Jessica Freeman: What we really don't
Jessica Freeman: I
Jessica Freeman: Repeat that to myself. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're and here's another piece you know is that you're perfectly Jessica.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No matter what that that means wouldn't, no matter what that looks like. You are perfectly you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know you're humble, you're in, you know, you're learning things every day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, those are the things to keep inside your head. What do you have for me today to learn
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What is it that I need to be open to today.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, bringing that piece around because you want that connection and you'll get it. If you're searching for it. But if you just accept the fact that you feel disconnected, then that's where you sit right because there's no work in it. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: The work.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I need to do some more work.
Jessica Freeman: And give it away. Yeah, I think that'll be helpful. I'm not in a bad place.
Jessica Freeman: But I'm fine, but I don't necessarily want to settle for the status quo. It's like if you're not growing, then you know you can start withering
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Complacency
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is it is not a good place to be.
Jessica Freeman: No, it's a dangerous place to be. When you're like me,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. So get rid of those reservations. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, do what you do.
Jessica Freeman: This is very helpful. I just want you know like I'm taking things from our sessions and it's helping me. So thank you.
Jessica Freeman: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you for being present and i mean i look forward to, to our sessions. I look forward to hearing you know where you're at and and your struggles and how you persevered through them, you know, on a weekly basis.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because it gives, I don't know, it kind of charges me up for the next person that I see. You know what I mean. And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's what the gift that you give me in these sessions. You know, it's kind of a two, a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Two way thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Jessica Freeman: You have like I'm not asking any personal information but like are the majority of your patients like
Jessica Freeman: What's the word like engaged and
Jessica Freeman: Really trying, or do you get a lot of like ambivalence apathy or maybe just ignorance. When I first came in, it was I just could not open my mind. You know, I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A lot of fear in the very beginning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not understanding. I think that self help meetings have really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Been given a label that is inaccurate and a lot of ways. Yeah, and it puts a lot of fear and people you know their Bible thumpers they're, you know, they're cold there this there that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And really be able to explain my experience in that manner.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: supported them to be able to connect in their community has made a big difference, allowing them to see things from a different point of view.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I really think that it's a lot of is just a lack of knowledge, you know,
Jessica Freeman: Like he said like ignorance and not not in a bad way. But it's just, you know, use your whole life.
Jessica Freeman: You know as an alcoholic and addict or whatever family background situation you have you've lived your life up to this point, you're an adult. And so, so many things are ingrained in your mind and it can be hard to change that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Very much so. And fear, you know, there's also that fear of living without what you've been relying on for so long.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, there you know and understanding that that's a part of part of the process to, you know, is learning different
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And for me, it's what I hear a lot is that self that self talk that negative self talk and I really try to combat that as hard as I can because I know that we live inside our head.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is where diseases, you know, and we allow it to take control, then it'll wreck us, and I'll take us right back and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so I really try to focus on that the power of God, the power that we have, you know, it's pretty amazing.
Jessica Freeman: It is when it's put to good use.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Jessica Freeman: I was just telling mom and mom yesterday about how when I first got sober. I was like, every day feels like it's a week long like how you feel your time when that's all you've been doing, you know, what am I supposed to do with the days just felt so long.
Jessica Freeman: They don't anymore. It's cool. Although these stayed at home are starting to feel a little long.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But if you're, you know, you're learning any job right now and it's awesome that you get to do it remotely right in this moment.
Jessica Freeman: That I'm still getting paid. I have an opportunity to work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. And you have this time that you get to spend with your son that you normally would be at work. Hmm. You know, there's that. And you have this time that you get to put yourself out there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And really help others in recovery.
Jessica Freeman: I mean, you know, I have some other things that I need to do today, but otherwise I'm made of time so I'm gonna
Jessica Freeman: Let me see what I can put together as far as like a women's meeting and maybe putting it out to recovery houses nearby.
Jessica Freeman: Mm hmm. That might be a really good way for me to meet some people with whom
Jessica Freeman: You know, mutual connection will be really good because once all this is over, we get back to the rooms, you know, some relationships could have been built
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, very much so. So you have now you have these things, you know, you've got to commit to them and you know really start doing it, even if you make one phone call. Connect with one
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Female sober house invite them, you know, you can set the platform up and invite them in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Even if it's by, you know, by phone, you know, on speakerphone.
Jessica Freeman: On zoom
Jessica Freeman: Together a short list of, like, best practices you know for how to use zoom
Jessica Freeman: And send out the invitations. I mean, the worst that can happen is nothing happens.
Jessica Freeman: I still have other places that I can engage and actually contribute so
Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely so alright so you have your week of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Filled now.
Jessica Freeman: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To be able to and I bet you in this process, while you're doing this. You're going to feel that connection again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, because you are getting outside of self and you are, you know, trying to be there for them, you know, the person that needs it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's going to be huge, you know, and you can specifically put it for your area.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, and have it for women that are, you know, close in your area.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that that would definitely be huge.
Jessica Freeman: I think so, too, because I'm really positive effects, just in so many different ways. So you're doing it, man. I'm going to look. I'm going to do what I need to do.
Jessica Freeman: Okay, good organizer, so I can get this done.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can, and in the process. Again, you're going to be refreshing up on your recovery and filling those you know those spots that you need to feel for you as well. So that's the crazy part is I tell people all the time that this is such a being in recovery is such a selfish selfless program.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That in order to be fed. We have to feed others, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And getting that concept, you know, for some people is like I never thought about that, if I'm taking care of myself. I can then take care of others better
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, yeah. I had that same conversation with with my little ones dad yesterday. He's like, No, working for three weeks, but I'll send on the money. I can
Jessica Freeman: T. Remember we talked about when you're in an airplane and the mask comes out, you put it on yourself so that you're able to help others. Oh, you need to focus on taking care of you.
Jessica Freeman: Were fine, I'll let you know if we're in dire straits. But, you know, take care of you. Really, because he needs to take care of him. Like, that's what he needs to do.
Jessica Freeman: He can't take care of key. And right now, he's got to learn to take care of himself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's pretty amazing that you're able to do that. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hmm, have compassion, you know, and give him some hope. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Well, I know he's been having a hard time with the move. So you know I encouraged him to like with therapy. I think it's great. I've been doing it for a long time. I sold him because you know there's a stigma. Right. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I don't want to. I don't have any issues like okay well maybe you could just have like a disinterested third party who's there to help you, that you can talk to and
Jessica Freeman: Maybe talk about those feelings you got going on inside that are causing problems for you.
Jessica Freeman: And to see how it goes. But it's important to find the right therapist because if you're not comfortable with the therapist, then you know you got to find somebody else. It has to be somebody that you can trust.
Jessica Freeman: And talk to open up and, you know, listen, and consider the suggestions they give you and trying to implement them. So he's been doing that for a few months now and I feel like he's getting better like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice.
Jessica Freeman: More self aware
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's huge.
I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're not you're not only are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Working on getting yourself healthy but you're also putting these things out there and allowing for other people to get healthy too.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah. I MEAN, HE'S MY SON'S FATHER, my son deserves to have a healthy dad and I want to do everything I can to help that.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's pretty amazing.
Jessica Freeman: Well, I wish the Brendan's dad and I were able to do that. But you know, I don't have any control over Scott and what he does. So I just have to do what I can for Brendan and for key. And this is something that I can do, I can help his dad.
Jessica Freeman: Just by being compassionate gentle yeah and encouraging and patient
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Patient. That's right. And you know, it's kind of amazing for the people that hold, year after year grudges, imagine what it's doing to their, their psyche and to their emotions to their physical well being.
Jessica Freeman: Oh, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know it's sad.
Jessica Freeman: It is said my mom's two brothers are, they're the most grudge holding people I've ever. I mean other than my grandpa. He taught them how to hold a grudge for their entire lives.
Jessica Freeman: Mom's getting better at the gradually that her brothers, like they're both having like health problems, and I mean it's just poisons your whole
Jessica Freeman: spirit body mind.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, very much so. We see it all the time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Doesn't hurt the other person is it affects you. You know, that's no good, no good at all. Life's too short. You
Jessica Freeman: Know mom's doing much better with it. She gets pissed. But she's, she's more forgiving and she's quicker to forgive. Now then share has been
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you have a week that is filled with goodness
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I hope you did too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'm going to be looking forward to hear how things went this week. And if you were able to connect with people and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you turn your video on in your present
Hello.
Jessica Freeman: I will keep you posted
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I
Jessica Freeman: Believe, we're back to our regular Thursday schedule next week.
Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: OK, so the 26th at nine my time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, eight Michael
Jessica Freeman: Do you then. Hey, stay healthy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay you to have a great week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, bye. Jessica,